So, let me start over.
As Diana and I were driving around, we sang the first song a lot like what we're playing.
But I want to go over this and tell you all, as I have been trying really hard to convey to you what the Spirit of the Lord was telling us about prayer.
Whenever I went through the portal and the Lord allowed me to talk to Sister Lucy, she said, "The greater glory will not come by tongues alone, but by travail.
" Travail.
And so whenever I was talking about travail, I don't want to flippantly talk about it and act like, "Oh yeah, you just do this," and it's flesh.
It's only by the Spirit of the Lord that you get into the river to that point of travail.
And that takes a lot of maturity in praying.
It is something that you cultivate with the Holy Spirit.
And you get there by praying His heart.
If you are praying the Father's heart for souls, you will get into that travail that I'm talking about.
But you don't do that in the flesh.
It is by the Spirit of the Lord.
You need to know this.
I was corrected, and I don't want to lead people wrong.
You'll get people who get flaky, thinking they can get there by themselves.
You just walk around going to church, trying so hard, making weird noises, and thinking that you're in travail in the natural, in your flesh.
But when it is truly Holy Spirit-inspired, you are yielded to and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
You are only getting there through the Holy Spirit, through intercession.
So, you're not going to automatically sit on your couch and be like, "I'm just going to tap into these groanings and make noises," because you can get real flaky with it.
I was instructed—I talked to my friend Gina.
I've always told you she's my prayer mentor who I learned from when I worked at the big ministry.
She said there were groups a couple of decades ago that had groaning meetings.
They would go and just groan in the spirit, but be in the flesh and act weird.
You can get real flaky with this.
The intimacy it takes is praying and travailing over souls for the heart of the Father.
What's on the Father's heart?
This is a different intimacy level.
It's a maturity level of your intercessory prayer with the Father.
When you're travailing in the Spirit, you're getting it by the Spirit.
It's not flesh.
So, I don't ever want to make it into something where people ask, "Well, Brandon, how do I get there?
" You get there by praying in the Spirit, praying in the Spirit, and praying in the Spirit.
Then you start yielding to the Spirit, and yielding to the Spirit.
Sometimes travail comes out as crying tears.
Like Gina was telling me today on the phone, she said, "Brandon, whenever I get in travail, it's like you're weeping before the Father for souls.
" Praying for the lost, you're weeping for the lost, and you're praying the heart of the Father.
His heart is souls.
That's what He said: "My heart is the harvest, every time.
" That's why I came across really strong when I said that if you are truly prophetic, if you are truly called to the ministry, and you sit there and tell me, "Brandon, I know the Father, I know I'm called to the ministry," and you never give an altar call...
I would have to say—and that's why I come across so strong—that you're a false prophet and you are not hearing the voice of God.
Am I saying you are listening to the devil by calling you a false prophet?
No, I'm not.
I'm not being mean.
I'm saying it's false by you not having a heart for the harvest.
His heart is for the harvest.
It's always going to bring in that which was lost, to leave the 99 to go after the one, to pray over North Korea, to weep for the ones that are bound by the demonic, to travail for them, and to pull them out of darkness.
And it's not just by tongues.
It's by entering into the river of the heart of the Father for that intercessory prayer time.
Does what I'm saying tonight make sense?
I don't ever want to make this flaky.
I take great responsibility in leading so many of you in prayer.
Like I said, I thank God for the elders to correct me, because Brandon Biggs doesn't have it all.
And I'm going to tell you, even with the little bit that I know, I feel like I have a lot of room to grow.
I'm so thankful for people like Lynn and Gina.
People will text and say, "Hey, listen.
This is a little off; you can correct this.
" It's just a simple correction, and hey, I'm all for it.
I just want to tell you all, my heart is to bring in the harvest and to bring in the lost, all for the glory of God.
It's never about Brandon, never about Diana.
We are here to serve Jesus.
We want to be a part of the greatest prayer army this world has ever seen.
The Lord said, "You will raise up a million-strong prayer army of men and women on this channel, and you will touch the nations for me, and you will bring in this last harvest.
" As we've come together tonight, we went through a lot of scripture because I was asking for it.
Lucy gave me Romans 8 and said, "This is the scripture about travail and the end times," right?
Well, I asked Gina, "Do you know of more travail scriptures?
" Because Diana and I have studied, looked them over, and tried our best.
Gina gave us several of them—stuff that I never really paid attention to.
So, I want to give you what she gave us tonight to help you.
Do you have it, honey?
Ready?
This microphone is for Mama, but it's kind of in the way of our screen for our scriptures.
I think I can read around it.
Well, it's all right if you can't, son.
It's in front of the screen; you can't see the words.
Got it.
Perfect.
Okay, here.
Don't knock the camera over.
There you go.
Praise the Lord.
It's kind of mangled.
Okay.
John 11:33.
Yep.
"When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled.
" He groaned.
It came through groanings.
What was he groaning over?
Lazarus.
And that was John 11:33.
Right before He raised Lazarus from the dead, He groaned.
When I'm talking about the groaning of the Spirit, that is travail.
He was travailing in the Spirit for Lazarus's resurrection.
It came through groaning.
A breakthrough in the Spirit.
He groaned in the Spirit.
Do you see that?
Can you show them the scripture?
When He groaned in the Spirit, the breakthrough came.
So as we groan in the Spirit, when you get to the place of travail in tongues, the breakthrough comes.
There's a level of travail, a level of walking in the Spirit where you get the breakthrough when you enter that place of groaning.
He groaned.
Jesus did this.
If Jesus did it, I'm going to do it.
You understand?
I think that was a beautiful scripture because I had never really studied and applied that to what was happening—groaning in the Spirit.
Number two scripture that she gave us.
You have it?
Okay.
Read John 11:38.
"Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave.
It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it.
" He groaned in Himself.
So it's still part of the same groaning.
John 11:38.
He was groaning in Himself.
He was in that travailing state, and the breakthrough came for Lazarus.
Do we have any more, baby?
I know there's more.
Do you have another scripture?
Oh, is that one?
Okay.
Okay, there you go.
Romans 8:23.
"And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.
" So in Romans 8:23, we groan within ourselves.
It's the Holy Spirit; when we get into that level of intercession, He is groaning through us.
He is praying through us.
And it's not being flaky.
You're not just making noises.
We're the vessel.
It's that place of yieldedness.
It's the place where you're in deep surrender to Him, praying His heart.
Do you have another scripture, hun?
No, that's Romans 8:26.
Oh, "Likewise.
" Go ahead.
Romans 8:26.
"Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
" See again, the Holy Spirit Himself makes intercession for us with groanings.
He is praying through us and with us.
When you are yielded, you say, "I need You.
Teach me how to pray.
Teach me how to get in there.
" You're not going to do it in your own flesh; you have to have the Holy Spirit.
That's why I tell you, if you're not baptized in the Holy Spirit, you need to get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Derek Prince has a lot of amazing teaching on speaking in tongues and how to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
You can find that on YouTube, too.
There are sermons on there that are amazing.
I was trying to find examples of videos today, but I was really busy, so we'll show those later—people in authentic, real travail, not fake.
I have those on Pray With Me.
Remember, I told you about my channel Pray With Me.
It's my hobby channel.
I put all the prayer videos and things that I've learned over the years on that Pray With Me channel.
Sister Lynn is on there a lot, along with Lucy and others.
It will encourage and help you go to deeper levels.
Okay.
Ready?
Here we go.
2 Corinthians 5:2-4: "For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven.
If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked.
For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life.
" You'll have to put your glasses on.
I know I should have.
No, read verse four, that last one.
Okay.
"For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened, not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life.
" So there's more than one scripture about groanings in the Spirit.
Out of two or three witnesses, let every word be established.
Brother Hagin would always say, "If I can't find at least two scriptures in there, I'm not going to back my theology with anything unless there's at least two or three.
" It's interesting because we search and search.
Like I said, you have to talk to people who have been around praying longer than you have.
Thank God for people who are seasoned prayer warriors.
Thank God.
I told you, the Lord said, "I've assembled the best prayer warriors in this generation on this channel.
" And I know there's a lot of WWPs on here, Worldwide Prayers with Sister Billy.
And we welcome all y'all.
We're so thankful.
But we were sent this book.
Now listen, if I've ever recommended any book to you, from John Bevere to any of them, I'm telling you, this book that we got today is life-changing.
A sister in the Lord sent it to us through email.
Literally, probably no exaggeration, we get a hundred-plus book recommendations or more in a week.
So this one stood out, and the Lord told Diana, 'Look at that.
' So I'm going to have Diana read this to you, and she's going to explain what she's reading about travail.
This will bless you deeply, because this is where I'm talking about getting to that place of intercessory prayer for the nations, for what we're about to pray tonight.
We're just going to yield over, and the Lord is going to use us tonight to pray for North Korea and so on.
I just want her to read this to you to encourage you.
The book is 'Father Nash: Guest Lecture on Prevailing Intercession: How Birthing Revival and Prayer Changes Nations One City at a Time,' and it's by Dr.
Vince Rizio.
I'll read the introduction and part of the first section.
'They didn't invite me on the platform.
I wasn't the one preaching to the crowds or shaking cities with fiery sermons.
My name was not printed on the flyers, nor did I stand in the spotlight.
But I assure you, heaven knew my name.
I was the man groaning on the floor, two floors above the meeting.
I was the sound you heard in the stillness before the heavens opened.
I was the one who travailed until the heavens thundered and the demons screamed.
I was the midwife to revival, and the womb of awakening was soaked with prayer.
When Charles Finney preached, fire fell.
But I assure you, the match had already been struck in the prayer chamber.
My knees broke the ground before his voice did.
My tears watered the soil of souls before he ever saw their faces.
I was not his assistant; I was his intercessor.
And I have come in this hour—yes, this exact moment in history—to speak to those who feel hidden, overlooked, passed by.
To those who are tired of shallow altars and powerless gatherings.
To those who have felt the tug of God to weep in secret, fast in silence, and shake the unseen realm.
You are not weak.
You are dangerous.
Revival never starts in the sanctuary.
It starts in the secret place.
It erupts from groaning rooms.
It is born on the bathroom floor at 3 a.
m.
It flows from the agony of divine burden and the joy of answered travail.
And the reason we've seen so many shallow flames in recent years is because the furnace of intercession has gone cold.
Well, I'm here to fan the flame again.
In the chapters ahead, I will teach you what it means to prevail in prayer.
Not just to pray cute prayers, but to wrestle in the spirit until heaven invades earth.
I will teach you how to pray until demons flee cities, until entire regions come under conviction, until the very air feels charged with glory.
You don't need a stage to shake nations.
You need a room, a corner, a mat, a mandate.
If you're willing to lose your reputation to gain God's attention, if you're willing to bleed in intercession so others can be birthed into the kingdom, then welcome, intercessor.
You're in the right place.
Let's go underground so revival can erupt above ground.
' And that was Father Nash.
So then we'll go ahead to this part: 'I wasn't the preacher, but I carried the burden, the hidden furnace behind the fire.
You don't need a pulpit to carry revival.
You need a burden.
And I carried one so heavy it bent me to the floor more times than I could count.
While the world was looking for a stage, I was looking for a corner to kneel in.
It was there, on hardwood floors and cold upper rooms, that I learned how heaven responds to groaning intercession.
I didn't envy Finney's crowds.
I envied the presence.
And I learned early that if the presence didn't come first, the people would just walk away unchanged.
What good is a sermon if it hasn't been forged in the furnace of prayer?
Intercession is not a job.
It's a calling to bleed in secret so others can be healed in public.
If Finney was the sword, I was the whetstone.
And my place was not beside him on the platform, but before him in the prayer room.
Groaning in secret, shaking in public.
I remember once arriving in a city days before the revival meetings began.
I didn't go out to greet the leaders.
I didn't set up the chairs or hand out flyers.
I found a small inn with a secluded room and went straight to travail.
I groaned until my body shook, and until the innkeeper knocked, concerned someone was dying in that room.
He wasn't wrong.
I was dying.
Dying to flesh, dying to apathy, dying to my will.
And in that death, something glorious was born.
An atmosphere so thick with God's presence that conviction would later fall without a single word preached.
People say they want revival, but do they want this?
The unseen weeping, the burdened praying, the spiritual midwifery that leaves you depleted and unnoticed.
Revival doesn't come through talent.
It comes through tears.
I was never invited to the revival for applause.
In fact, I rarely stayed for the services.
I had one assignment: birth the move of God and get out of the way.
And if I could be honest with you, beloved, I loved it that way.
There is a sacred joy in anonymity when you're walking in divine assignment.
You don't need to be known on earth when you're shaking hell in heaven's war room.
The demons know your name, and that's enough.
Your greatest effectiveness will never be seen by men.
It will be known in eternity.
When you pray, fast, groan, and birth breakthroughs behind the curtain, heaven moves and the kingdom advances.
Never trade the glory of hidden obedience for the fading applause of the spotlight.
' I'm going to keep reading.
'I didn't start on my knees.
I ended up flat on my face.
I found that there are groans that go beyond words, intercessions too deep for articulation, and they don't come from standing upright in religious formality.
They come when your spirit collapses under the burden of God.
And I would lay on wooden floors for hours, sometimes days, my face pressed into the grain.
No music, no spotlight, just the weight of eternity resting on a yielded vessel.
That posture—flat, silent, surrendered—became my strategy for heaven's invasion.
If you've never prayed until the room itself begins to groan, you haven't yet touched the edge of prevailing prayer.
' Did you hear that part?
Read that again, lover.
'If you've never prayed until the room itself begins to groan, you haven't yet touched the edge of prevailing prayer.
' You're giving yourself over.
It's that complete surrender.
It's not just some, 'Well, we're just at Jesus, just touch Him,' and all this.
It's a deep cry for the lost.
It's beautiful.
It's a place of beauty when you get there.
But it's not something you're going to get in five minutes.
It's called relationship.
It's a place of intimacy that is a cultivation, an acceleration by refining.
You must be refined.
A lot of people want an instantaneous, microwave, drive-thru Christianity experience.
But this is not going to come.
This is a slow cooker.
This is a steam cooker.
It's going to take all day.
But as you make it, and the fragrance comes from the beautiful food that's being prepared, you know that this is going to taste a lot better than a drive-thru.
That is a cultivation of the Spirit that comes through relationship intimacy—more than just a dating relationship that you may have had with your spouse.
This is a relationship that has been tried by fire.
When you say, 'I've been married for over 20 years,' then you can tell me something about your marriage.
Usually, when you get to that 20-year mark, when you start getting past that and you go, 'I have been through the fire with this individual, and we've made it work.
' This is a cultivation with the Spirit of God, and it will come over time.
I don't want to ever cheapen it.
It's not cheap.
It's expensive, and it costs you something to go into those deeper realms.
Whenever the Lord says, 'I have a portal,' this is hours of cultivation, acceleration, and development.
It's not an instantaneous upload or download; it's a process of development, and you need to know that.
This book is the heartbeat of prayer.
Praying for the lost, praying for North Korea, praying for our president.
I'm telling you, it isn't just a shallow little prayer.
I interceded and travailed for the nation of Cuba last night.
I'm trying to tell you what God is about to do even in Cuba.
He said, 'I'm going to shake the nation.
I'm going to bring the bride to my side, but it will come through great pressure.
' And many will call this Ichabod because of what you're experiencing.
They're going to say, 'What happened?
What's going on?
' Because whenever you go through a little bit of pressure, you think God has abandoned you.
That's a testing of relationship.
God is never going to leave you, and He'll never forsake you.
But when you are in a baby stage, if you have a little bit of a trial and birthing pains in your relationship, you automatically think God's not there.
I'm going to tell you, when my daughter was diagnosed with autism, I thought God had abandoned me.
They told us she'll never walk, she'll never talk, she'll never be potty trained, and she'll never have a normal life.
They said, 'You're going to have to have special needs care for her and hospice in your house for the rest of your life.
You might as well give her up for adoption and give her to the state because you kids are young enough you can start over.
' When I came home and wept before the Lord, I said, 'Lord, what do we do now?
' I felt He had abandoned us.
I felt Ichabod, like God had departed.
I thought, 'You told me I'm a healing evangelist.
You told me I was going to be in the ministry.
' And when He spoke to me and visited me, He said, 'Brandon, Megan does not validate my word for her to be healed.
My word stands alone.
It doesn't require her to have a complete manifestation to validate the word.
I am a healer.
' Do you understand?
Regardless of your circumstances, regardless of what you're going through, God is a healer.
His word stands alone.
It's a pillar.
I realized when He told me, 'I want you to go and pray for people, and I want you to do this,' I said, 'They're going to say I'm a hypocrite.
What are all these?
' As the Lord has brought us along, we see the olive leaf, just like it was in Noah's time when he was looking for the flood to recede.
He first had the promise of the olive leaf.
The little bird had it, and it was like, 'Hey, everything's going to be okay.
' It's the first sign of the breakthrough.
The waters are receding.
I've seen it time and time again with my little girl.
And yet, we're still believing for the full manifestation.
When you go through trials and tribulations, when you go through this and keep on pushing, fully persuaded that God has your life, that's what I'm talking about.
A cultivation.
It buffets your flesh.
It's like sandpaper on you.
I feel like I'm going through the valley of the shadow of death, and I am fearing evil around me.
I know you're here, but I'm going through a little bit of something right now.
Hello.
That's why I'm trying to tell you what I've seen come to these nations.
The Lord said, 'I will hide the remnant in the cleft of the rock, Brandon.
' But there is 1 Corinthians 5:5.
There is a pride that has set in, and he said, 'I'm shifting.
I'm shaking things, but there will be a glorious church.
' There will be what we are all expecting, but it will come out of an olive press, and great oil will flow from this olive press.
I know what the Lord is telling me is coming: a shaking to awaken with what he said as of today.
He said, 'Brandon, an acceleration as of the first, and it will start to be about space.
' And the rocket ship shot off today, and he said it will be a new exploration, a real authentic one, because the last one he said was fake.
He said a real authentic space race is coming.
Major things are coming, and he warned us about it.
And so I have her reading this to you because this is the stuff that you have to feed on.
What you feed on, what you're putting in your spirit, will get you ready.
You can't feed on The View or some kind of soap opera to get you prepared for where you need to be with him.
You have to feed your spirit good, different stuff.
The word of God, especially, and then prayer teachings and things like that, especially if you're called to prayer.
But as I told her this morning, I've had the opportunity to go preach all around the world, people giving me invitations to go preach in Australia, South Korea, Brazil, you name it.
And every single one of them, the Lord has said, 'No.
' As I sat there this morning, he said, 'I told you you're called to pray.
I want you to go on live.
I want you to go on YouTube and I want you to pray, and that's your platform.
' And I haven't done anything like that because I don't know what I would even say when I'm called to pray.
I don't feel like there's an anointing there for me to preach.
But it's like even when I talked to Gina today, she said, 'Brandon, there's all kinds of preachers, but there's not a lot of people that pray like us.
You must keep doing what God has called you to do and stay in your lane.
' And I agreed because I've warned her about it.
You know, Lord, I have all this stuff, but it's about bringing it like this Charles Finney guy, this guy that did this.
He said, 'I wasn't the one in the spotlights.
I was the one that was praying on the boards in the room.
' It was Father Nash.
Is it Father Nash?
So keep reading, because it won't always be that your name is in the lights and you're on the stage preaching and doing things.
You're the one cultivating the Spirit of the Lord for the revival that took place.
And did you know that after Father Nash died, Charles Finney stopped doing revivals because he realized that the key to his success was not his preaching, but the cultivation of the Spirit and the Holy Ghost and fire and prayer before his meetings, and the traveling prayer minister that went to pave the way for him?
He quit doing ministry and outreaches after this man died because he realized the importance of key intercessory prayer.
And so that's why I'm trying to tell you all.
You may feel that you're insignificant.
'I'm in the back room rocking in the rocking chair at my house, but I'm interceding for my pastor.
I'm interceding for the evangelist on Sunday that's coming.
I'm interceding for the schools.
I'm interceding for this.
' But if it wasn't for you, sister or brother or whoever is out there, they wouldn't be as successful as they could be, because it takes prayer to cultivate it in the spirit realm.
Don't ever look at yourself as not valuable to the kingdom of God.
You're more valuable than the person with the microphone.
You are valuable to the kingdom of God, and you bring so much to the kingdom by just being you and praying for the nations.
That's why we are all coming together, and we're all here right now, and we're about to start praying.
But I wanted to give you something to fan that flame, to let you realize how important you truly are to the kingdom of God in this last movement.
Don't get weary in well-doing.
We must finish strong for what God has called us to do in interceding for the nations.
Yes, when we get over there, we're going to be excited for our rewards.
But yet, just because we don't have the microphone all the time, and we're out there proclaiming and doing what we think...
you know, those preachers are successful because of people like you.
And for all the people who pray for me, thank you, because I don't think I'd be able to do what I do without you interceding for me.
If I could only, just after I'm done with these broadcasts, tell you the pressure that I feel.
I get done, and I just sit on my couch and I say, 'Please just don't talk to me.
This is so heavy.
' And the Lord allows me to get through it.
Every single time I say, 'I feel like I've run a marathon.
' And when I get done, and I've travailed, and we pray, and we go through the prayer leading so many...
over the millions of people that come, we're so thankful, but it comes with a great price.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you that prays for us, because it's people like you that help us keep going.
Without your prayers, I can tell you I would have quit a long time ago.
It's only by his grace that I've made it this far.
I'm not going to cry, but you don't know how precious you are to me.
It has been rough some days, but we're so thankful that God has given us the wind in our sails to keep going.
And so, we will finish strong.
Like Lucy said, 'Brandon, you must finish strong.
' And I said, 'I will.
I'll do my best.
' So, we're so grateful.
It's not a 'sorry for Brandon and Diana.
' We're so grateful, but I'm going to tell you, it comes with a price.
Is that the second mosquito of the year?
You can always tell when it's getting warm in Oklahoma.
We get big old mosquitoes the size of quarters.
All right.
Go ahead.
I want you to finish, just read a little bit more, lover, and then we're going to take communion and pray.
But I'm trying to inspire you.
This is what I'm talking about.
Okay, go ahead.
'There is a difference between loud prayer and groaning prayer.
Loud prayer is noise; groaning prayer is fire.
Travailing isn't about emotion.
It's about birthing something in the spirit realm.
When revival was about to erupt, I didn't shout it down; I groaned it through.
I wept.
I heaved.
I cried out.
The Spirit would come upon me so strongly that words would fail, and all that remained was deep, soundless agony.
But when I arose, the atmosphere was charged with heaven's electricity.
You want revival?
Then pray until heaven groans with you.
Don't get up until something breaks.
Most people pray until they get tired, but prevailing intercessors pray until something breaks.
You stay in that posture.
You lay on that floor.
You pour out your guts.
You wrestle and cry and fast and groan until the heavens crack and the resistance bows.
The early rain doesn't fall for casual askers; it falls for violent birthers.
You don't stand up until hell backs down.
' Did you get that?
Read that again, that last little paragraph.
That's it right there.
'The early rain doesn't fall for casual askers.
It falls for violent birthers.
You don't stand up until hell backs down.
' Do you get it?
It's not casual.
How bad is your want to keep going?
And then there's a prayer right here: 'Take me, Holy Spirit, take me deeper, past words, past noise, past form.
Teach me the groaning that births revival.
Let my spirit become so connected to yours that I begin to feel your burden.
I surrender to your weight.
I lay down my pride, my hurry, my schedule.
I choose the floor.
I choose the ache.
I choose the birth pains of intercession.
Until the heavens groan and the earth shakes, use me.
You want breakthrough?
Then prepare to break.
I broke in prayer before the meetings ever began.
My heart shattered over sin.
My tears soaked the carpets.
My strength gave out.
I collapsed in the presence.
That was where the real battle was won.
The enemy doesn't tremble at polished sermons; he trembles at broken intercessors.
I never waited for the warfare to show up; I went ahead and engaged it in prayer before the battle began.
I would go into towns days early and begin confronting principalities in the spirit.
The ground would shake in the invisible realm long before the tent ever filled.
That's why revival fell so hard.
It was pre-broken.
The enemy had already been defeated in the unseen realm.
You want revival to hit like lightning?
Then strike the ground with prayer before the crowds ever gather.
Every time I broke in prayer, someone else walked in freedom.
That's the mystery of intercession.
Your crushing becomes their freedom.
When you bleed, others are born.
When you fall, others rise.
When you break, revival flows.
If you're waiting for a stage, you're missing it.
Find your floor.
That's where the deliverance begins.
' And then there are prayers after every chapter.
It says, 'Father, break me before the breakthrough.
Let me never run from the pressure that produces your glory.
I choose to be crushed under the weight of your presence so others can rise in victory.
Make me a warrior who fights in the spirit before the war is visible.
Anoint me with preemptive power.
Let my life be a seed of deliverance.
Teach me to break in prayer until the heavens open and hell loses its grip.
' It's beautiful.
I think that's good tonight.
Okay, we can read more tomorrow.
Yeah, there was that one thing you wanted me to read.
Okay, read it.
It says, 'Intercession begins when you stop praying about people and start weeping with the heart of God for them.
' Read it one more time.
'Intercession begins when you stop praying about people and start weeping with the heart of God for them.
' Yep.
And I want to make this clear.
I do not believe that God put autism on Megan.
I do not believe that at all.
It was my ignorance.
When he said to me, 'Don't get that flu shot,' and I did it anyway, that's when everything went to crap...
to hell...
whatever you want to say, it fell apart.
I'm going to tell you this: It was my ignorance.
God tried to warn me.
I knew the day when I walked in there, 'Don't do this.
' I knew it.
But I disobeyed because I had fear of the flu virus.
Because we had friends telling us, 'Your baby could be hospitalized if you don't get this.
' You listen to the fear, and fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
It was my fault.
So, it's not God's fault.
But what the devil meant for bad, God will turn around for the glory, ladies and gentlemen, if you just lean into him.
And yes, this has been refining for both of us, but it was by our own ignorance that did this.
It never was the Lord.
People go, 'Do you think God caused your daughter to have autism?
' No.
The devil and God do not work together.
And you need to know that they're not up there buddying up together, saying, 'You know what?
I'll just allow that to happen.
' No, he specifically said, 'Do not get that.
Don't put that in her.
' And I said, 'Diana, I feel a real burden.
I feel bothered.
I'll never forget it.
It was on the way.
' I said, 'I feel real bothered by this.
I don't know why, but I just feel this is a huge mistake, but I will do it just in case because of what we've been told.
' Stupid on our part for ignoring what the Lord told us.
You know what?
It was a life lesson, and we learned it.
But I'm going to tell you, I'll never...
I'm so thankful for her life.
I'm so thankful for what I have learned and how it has cultivated both of us to become even better people.
And we look at people with special needs with more compassion than what we ever could have.
It cost us something.
Oh, it did.
And when we see children with special needs, when we see autistic children, we weep with those families.
And it is not faked.
It is a travail, because I know what it's like to be there at that level and see where God has brought us.
We have seen Megan be potty trained, and we're seeing her come out of where she has been.
The doctors are even going, "Wow, she's come a long way.
She's eating good.
Wow, this is amazing to watch her progress.
" You know, we give all the glory to Jesus.
But I always want to tell you, it was never God that did this.
Always stay on God's side whenever you don't understand what you're going through.
A lot of times, it's just we're not listening enough.
We're not yielding enough.
I just blame myself and I say, "Lord, forgive me.
But I thank you, Lord, that you're going to turn this into something.
And it's going to be a testimony to the nations about the goodness of God, that what the devil meant for bad, you're going to turn it around for good.
And yes, I'm going through this, but God, you will get the glory out of this when it's all said and done.
" And so, regardless if you blame yourself for maybe a tragic car accident or a very serious thing that your child has gone through, you've got to forgive yourself, for one.
And it took us a long time to forgive.
As I was sitting there looking at her even tonight, I looked at her and I said, "Oh, wow," because she had a rough day today.
And I sat there and I went, "Well, count it all joy.
Count it all joy.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
" And he said, "By his stripes, we are healed.
" I am fully persuaded that what God has promised, he's able also to perform it.
You say, "Well, when is the full manifestation?
" That's not mine.
I've released that to him.
I trust confidently in the finished work of Jesus Christ, and that guarantees me victory.
We keep going to Billy Burke meetings.
We go and we get a little piece of the pie every single time.
We go and we get a little bit more, a little bit more.
And it's been gradual, but a miracle is a miracle.
Even if it's gradual, it's progressive.
Never take baby steps for granted.
Give God glory in every step you take because it was his grace that gave you the ability to take those steps.
So, we're going to go to pray now.
But I just wanted to encourage you all today and just kind of apologize that I missed it a little bit on how I taught that.
You know, I should have studied a little bit more.
It was immaturity on my part.
And so, we brought the scriptures today and we brought the book the lady brought us.
And so, I hope it blessed you.
I really do.
This book will change your life.
We're going to read it probably every month now.
I told her, I said, "Well, we just found our next best book.
We'll read that book because of where we're called.
We'll read that every single month.
" I'm not kidding.
She'll read it to me in the car.
You've got to keep your fan flamed.
Fan your flame.
Don't let it get stagnant.
You don't want to leak out.
And you've got to keep full and let your full fight for you.
And you've got to keep that fan flamed.
So I want you to really take this to heart.
All right.
Well, I feel like that was good.
We went right on with that one.
All right.
Well, you know, yesterday when we prayed, we saw the glory in Cuba, and we saw that dragon over North Korea, and we saw where we're at in time.
Honey, 50:50?
Ah, too long talking.
We saw the dragon over North Korea.
We saw Michael.
The Lord showed me Michael with the opal-looking breastplate on.
And I'm telling you, Michael is massive.
The Lord said, "That's Michael.
" He lassoed that dragon that had its wings over North Korea, and he started pulling that dragon by the neck.
And like, you know how you'd see a cattle wrestler, they rope those steers by the horns and they pull that thing down.
I saw Michael lasso that principality over North Korea.
It was a massive red dragon with huge wings, and it was hovering over it like, "This is mine.
" And Michael grabbed hold and pulled that dragon off by the neck and ripped him straight off that land.
And I'm telling you, freedom and liberty are coming to the people of North Korea.
Jesus is going to have a major revival there.
And we're going to see the greatest outpouring over that nation in the name of Jesus, and we will continue to intercede until Kim Jong-un is dealt with.
The Lord said, "Do not let this up.
You keep at it until this is a greasy spot.
I'm believing Kim Jong-un is going to be removed, and his sister.
" And the Lord said, "It will not be by military force.
It will be by my hand.
Just like I dealt with Pharaoh, I will deal with this man.
" And he said, "I have not forgotten the people of North Korea, the people of Asia.
Their cries cry out before me.
" And if you remember, I saw the prayers.
They came before him as tears, and they were all before his throne, and he gathered them up before him, and he brought them to his chest.
Do you remember that?
And I'm telling you, I feel major breakthrough is coming for North Korea.
I believe it.
It's time.
And as we saw Cuba last night, there were three major wells.
Three major wells of revival.
And those wells were one in each part: one in the far west, one in the middle, and one toward the east.
And each one of them was a springing well that was bringing forth water.
And it looked like a geyser.
It was a gusher of water.
And the Lord said, "This is a fountain that will never run dry.
" And I saw churches that were being birthed around this well.
And I saw a woman that had leathered skin.
And she had a cloak, like a prayer shawl over her head that looked Jewish.
She was travailing and interceding.
And as the revival started to break forth in Cuba, she was weeping before the Lord.
I bet this lady was probably—in the vision, she was probably 90 years old.
But she was travailing for the country to have a major revival in Cuba.
As I saw this, I saw a witchcraft spirit that was thick over the nation.
And the Lord said, "I'm breaking the back of the witchcraft upon Cuba.
" And as I saw the witchcraft departing, it looked like a parting of a storm.
I saw the glory of the Lord come upon the land of Cuba.
And I saw Maldonado.
Sorry, I'm not good with names, Maldonado.
He is a pastor of the Miami church.
He's invited me to a lot of these places to go with him and minister.
And he is the one that's over at the White House.
He said, "Brandon, I already have the largest church in Cuba.
" Because I contacted him after the prayer and I said, "This is what the Lord showed me about your ministry.
You're going to have missionary teams go there.
" And he said to me, "I already have the largest church in Cuba.
" And I said, "Well, you'll have two more, and that'll be these other two wells.
" I believe that's what I was seeing in the spirit.
I saw creative miracles of arms growing out, eyes coming back, dead being raised.
And the Lord said the greatest harvest of souls that Cuba has ever known is about to spring forth.
He said, "Be ready, pastors.
Be ready, those that speak Spanish, for when the door opens, he wants you to flood the land.
You're going to flood this land.
" And I saw a major move of people flooding over into Cuba.
And it wasn't just about spiritual blessing; it was about financial.
The Lord said he was restoring the fountains of wealth.
It was like a third-world country that was no more.
It was like America.
The blessing was on the land of Cuba.
I saw hotels, I've told you, the car industry—all these major things were coming.
And the Lord said, "I'm liberating the people of Cuba.
" And I saw who was leading the charge; it was Secretary of State Rubio.
The Lord said, "Pray for Rubio.
Marco Rubio.
Pray for him.
" And I saw revival coming to Mexico.
And so, Maldonado—I'm sorry, Guillermo.
I'll just say Guillermo.
It's easier to say.
I always try to call him by his last name, Guillermo.
He said, "I'm on my way to Argentina.
Please pray for me.
" He said we're going to have a major revival, and I'm believing it because he's there right now.
He texted me when he landed, and he said, "I'm here.
We're starting our meetings.
" And he said they're believing for healings and demonstrations.
So we are going to pray for Guillermo tonight for this revival that he is going to hold all week long in Argentina, for a major outpouring over South America, for this to be the beginning of the transfer.
Because the Lord told me through this, he said, "You will see this begin in the month of April.
" You're going to start to see it, and I gave him this privately, and I told him months ago.
And I'm telling you, as he's there right now in Argentina, he said, "I have 23 nations that I'm going to this year before the doors start to close and the things happen before the end of the end.
" I'm telling you, folks, we are on the verge of the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
But it's going to take people like you and me praying for people like him right now in Argentina, believing for a major harvest.
So let's lift him up before the Lord, and we will pray for this harvest, that they'll have signs and wonders.
They're going to see creative miracles, dead raised.
He is a fire-breathing preacher.
And so I'm telling you, I believe that God is going to use this man, and the Lord told me he was.
And so I believe we're going to see great signs for them this week in Argentina.
Another part is praying for Mike Lindell.
The Lord lifted up Mike Lindell to me, and he said to pray for his health specifically, concerning his body.
The enemy would try to take him out with health complications so that he couldn't be the governor of Minnesota.
And the Lord said, "Intercede for him against attacks on his health.
" You understand?
So, we're going to lift him up again.
I don't feel complete release from that, so we're going to pray for that.
And we're going to pray for the storms.
I saw a major tornado coming up.
We are under tornado warnings and watches right now here in Oklahoma.
What I saw is actually happening.
And we're believing for five inches of rain, but not destructive hail and wind and things like that.
And so, praying over Israel, praying over the straits, praying over the protection of our troops on the ground.
All right, so who wants to pray with me?
I know it took too long, but that was necessary.
Father, we just thank you for your body, that you died.
You suffered.
You went through so much for us.
And as we go into this beautiful week of resurrection, Good Friday—today was Passover, it started at sundown—Father, we're so grateful.
We're so grateful for this week of Holy Week.
We thank you, Father, that we have the opportunity to be joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for the expiration date for whatever we're believing for, that today is the day for a major breakthrough.
Today is the day for our supernatural transfer.
And we believe, Father, that tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
And we take this body, and we thank you, Lord, that we're healed by your stripes, in Jesus' mighty name.
Lord, we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this prayer time.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood that never loses its power.
I cover my head from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
And we're so grateful, Father, that we walk in divine authority.
We have the authority of the believer.
We have authority over the devil.
But Father, it was only granted to us by the blood and by what you did for us when you said it is finished.
You defeated the devil once and for all, and we walk in victory over the devil tonight.
I thank you, Lord, that we are treading on him as we go before you boldly into that throne room, into your presence.
There's fullness of joy.
We pray over North Korea.
We pray over these things that you have for us, and I yield to the watcher.
I yield to the anointing of the watcher and the prophetic.
Father, if there's anything you want me to see, if there's anything you have for us to know, that you will show us that which is to come.
I take authority over any satanic or demonic attack.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I will not be hearing any demonic voices or anything trying to snare me in any way.
I am yielded completely to you, Holy Spirit.
Use my vessel for your glory in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord, that tonight is your night, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
We put angels in this room in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
We take the blood.
All right, now we can go tubing.
We never go into that realm of the spirit without taking communion first.
I never do.
Never.
We always take communion.
We have it everywhere; it's just something that we practice.
Smith Wigglesworth took communion every day, and if Smith Wigglesworth took communion every day, we're going to take communion every day.
We learn a lot.
All right, you pray for the babies first.
Okay.
All right, hold on.
Turn on this.
Too long.
You pray for me.
Father, right now we lift up these mothers and fathers who are believing you for a child.
If for whatever reason they cannot conceive and it's their heart's desire to have a baby, Father, we lift them up before you.
We pray over the mother's womb and over the father's seed.
I thank you that they are healed, whole, and well.
I thank you that you know whatever is missing.
You know what's broken.
Father, I thank you that you touch their bodies.
You heal them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, and no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We break every curse.
We break every bondage.
We break every chain in the name of Jesus, with the blood of Jesus over them, over their bodies, and over their minds.
I pray peace over them, your peace that passes all understanding.
Father, we thank you that whatever is hindering will not be hindering anymore.
They will be able to conceive healthy children, and these children will be brought forth whole, healed, and well.
Nothing missing, nothing broken.
No autism, no Down syndrome, no disorders of any kind.
Any cerebral palsy, any disorder is gone in Jesus' name.
There's nothing missing, nothing broken in these babies.
Father, we thank you for healthy pregnancies and healthy birthing.
Father, that they would have good, easy childbirth and easy labor.
Even after the birth, that these babies would latch on correctly, that they would be able to nurse their babies, and that there would be no postpartum depression in these mothers.
Father, we pray all the way up to the point when these children are born.
We thank you that these mothers and fathers will raise them up in the way they should go, and when they grow older, they will not depart from it.
Father, they consecrate them before you, and you see their hearts before you, that they want children, desire them, and will raise them in the word and in prayer, teaching them the ways of the Lord so that they will have hearts after you.
That they wouldn't be like the world, that they would be yours, and that they consecrate them before they're even conceived right now.
Father, I thank you, Holy Spirit, that you're touching their bodies.
You're touching the very point that they need healed.
We believe that you are the healer, that you know what's missing, that you know what's broken, and that you are meeting them at that point.
We thank you that their bodies are able to conceive right now in Jesus' name.
We take authority over that foul devil of abortion.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ, you will stop it.
We call that devil down over our nation in the name of Jesus, that abortion spirit.
We come against you in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that we will not have that spirit over our nation.
We say the sacrifices will not happen anymore, of all these babies being aborted in this nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now for that.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the state of Minnesota, Oklahoma.
Oh God, we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for the unborn.
Their blood cries out.
The blood cries out, Father.
You hear me, baby?
That's what it is right there.
I just hit it.
It's for the unborn in Minnesota.
I'm seeing France right now, and we're calling down that spirit in the name of Jesus over France.
You foul devil from hell, release him now in Jesus' name!
Change the laws in the name of Jesus.
I see that devil wrapped around Emmanuel Macron.
All through Canada.
All over New York, all over New Jersey, all over the ones that are thinking about it.
The ones that have conceived, that are debating it and don't know what to do, we ask you, Holy Spirit, to flood their hearts with hope.
Give them hope.
They'll be a good mama.
And if not, give the baby up for adoption to a family that would want it.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
The children are your fruit.
The children are your breath.
Oh God, I thank you, Lord, that we protect them in the spirit.
We pray for the mothers.
We pray for the mothers that have conceived who think, "Well, I don't want this baby.
" Oh God, we thank you that you're changing their hearts right now.
We thank you, Lord.
Now the vein is going over to North Korea again.
We're going to pray over North Korea.
We're going to pray over this harvest.
The ones in the concentration camps, the ones in the workforce camps.
Oh, visit them.
Give them hope.
The Christians in those work camps.
Angels, we call for the angels.
We call for the angels' aid and assistance.
Angels of the Lord, manifest.
Help the people.
We call him removed.
We call his tyrant sister to be removed.
We call them to be removed.
I pray over them.
Protect them.
I see them, Father.
They know the consequences.
I pray over our friends in South Korea.
Oh, Father, give them boldness, like you did with Corrie ten Boom, when she spoke of the invisible shield, what she called non-transparent angels.
We call forth the non-transparent angels to guard these people.
Oh God, we thank you, Lord, that you shelter them.
Put fire in them.
You keep the door open over South Korea.
We pray a hedge around them, that the communistic spirit, that dragon, will not seep through into their government.
We call South Korea to remain strong.
We say in the name of Jesus that South Korea will remain strong in the Lord.
Oh Lord, I'm getting really close to it when I see their faces.
I pray for them.
Oh God, I thank you, Lord, that you give them strength, that you would provide a way of escape.
From every trap, that you would speak angels' aid and assistance over them.
This is interesting; I see raindrops falling on it, but they're golden, beautiful, clear raindrops.
Yes.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the people of Japan.
We thank you, Lord.
We go through Taiwan.
We cover them by the blood.
We cover Taiwan by the blood.
We cover Taiwan through the great revival.
There's an uncovering of plots.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for Taiwan, that they will remain strong, and China will not overthrow them.
We thank you.
China is bound.
We thank you, Lord.
That communistic spirit is bound.
I see the number seven, which I think is interesting because it's highlighted.
As it goes over, it tries to fade out.
It's highlighted, big and bold, but it has stripes on it.
It looks like scratches on the seven.
It's right between the land and the water of China.
It's right in the middle of it, and there's a seven there, with scratches across the bottom half.
We yield to you, Holy Spirit, today.
Holy, holy, holy, Jesus.
You're holy.
You're worthy.
Take me away.
Even so, Lord, come.
I love you, Lord.
I love you more than life.
Let it flow, Lord.
I see it.
I have to wait on him.
I wait, and I feel you have to get deeper than where we're at.
I can't get to that deepness just by what I'm seeing.
I can't do it being just toe-deep.
You can pray in tongues and just sit there and yell in tongues all you want, but when I get to the deeper level, I can tell you the direction we're supposed to go a lot better once I get past my ankles.
The only way you're ever going to get there is by worship.
I've learned you can keep pushing against the big rock, or you can get Holy Ghost assistance.
I'm not here to perform for any of you.
We're not going to waste anybody's time with performance.
Either you're yielded and you jump into that river and allow it to take you, or you're just wasting your time.
I would say just flow with him.
I could get there when it came to the abortion.
But when I got to North Korea, I got stalled because there were things pushing against me.
I sat there, waited, and kept pushing against it.
I said, "If you just be patient and get in the river and get your feet wet by worship, you'll get there a lot faster than what you're doing.
" When I saw North Korea, I then went to Taiwan and I was surrounded.
I could see the number seven, and I stopped because I saw a beautiful shield that said F-A-I-T-H across it.
I saw this shield of faith, and then I thought, I'm going to wait to see what this is, because there's a seven that's scratched with the shield of faith.
It was in red with a metallic-looking paint, and the shield was toward China.
And so I know there's something more to it.
So you'll learn, as I have learned, that you are not in control of the river; He is.
And if you just be patient and yield to Him, instead of just yelling in tongues for hours, you can kind of try to cultivate something up by yourself and just sit there and go, "Well, I'm going to jump in this river and we're going to steer it.
" Or you can allow Him to be the captain of your boat and just let Him flow with you.
You flow with Him.
You're not in control.
But a lot of times I feel like even me, we're just going to pray this thing through.
But if you just get quiet, you'll hit the target.
And a lot of it's just worship.
Oh, Father, we worship You.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we want to be effective prayer warriors.
We're not here, Father, just to be like a bull in a china closet, just throwing ourselves around.
I'm going to just flow with You, and I want to get in that river, and I want to be all the way down in the bottom so that I can get my head so wet that I go into the deeper visions.
And that's where it is.
It's by His worship and by His praise.
I try to show you all the steps of how I get there, and it is never by me.
Diana knows.
We both know.
That's why I play this music.
I listen to Him.
Father, we thank You.
We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We magnify Your name in all the earth.
Holy, holy, holy are You, Lord.
We magnify You.
We glorify You.
We exalt You.
We magnify You, and we glorify You.
And we lift up Your wonderful name.
Lord, we magnify You, and we lift up Your wonderful name.
Lord, we glorify You, and we lift up Your wonderful name.
We thank You, Lord.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
If I could just sit with You a while, I need You to hold me.
Moment by moment, till forever passes by.
I need You, Lord.
Lord, I need You now.
And I humbly bow, hidden in You.
It is Jesus.
The Master's here.
Jesus, there's just something about that name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about that name.
Jesus, there's just something about Your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
You see how the atmosphere shifts?
That's where the prayer is at.
You can feel it.
If you want to get in the river instead of just yelling, you just have to stop and just worship Him in your prayer time.
As you pray, the glory falls.
You can feel it.
It shifts in the prayer.
But you'll never get there just doing what I was doing a minute ago.
You can yell and pray and try to get in that vein, trying to find it, and you'll never hit it.
If you're trying to find it with an IV, you finally go, "I'm tired.
You're a little too dehydrated, sir.
" So they put some water down your throat so they can find a vein.
It's hard to hit a vein if you're dehydrated spiritually.
Do you understand?
You have to do the same way in the natural when the doctor's in there trying to find a vein when you're dehydrated.
They're going, "Man, I'm digging all around there.
I can't find it," and it hurts.
But the more full you are, they go, "Boy, you're full of water.
I found you real quick.
" That's the way it is in the Spirit.
You have to drink.
It's a beautiful example.
That came from Him.
I just heard it.
And when you drink, you drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Thank You, Lord.
Now we're ready.
I felt it over, Father.
Now, Father, we pray Your heart.
He's already in Argentina.
There's witchcraft right there.
And Father, I thank You that the angels are dealing with that.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
There's distraction right there from this meeting.
It's from the right.
It's down more south.
There is a coven, and that's what you're coming against.
And when you come up against this, this is for great praise.
It looks like a yellow egg yolk.
He destroys every yoke.
He destroys the yokes, the yokes of bondage.
I know He's not talking about an actual egg yolk, but that's what He's trying to show me; it's a yoke.
It's upon the nation.
It's upon Argentina.
It's a false religion.
It's a different kind of witchcraft, actually.
And the Lord said, "Before you try to go into a place like that, you must cultivate this more through prayer concerning the missionaries, concerning what's coming.
" That's why He said, "I want you to hit the ground running, pioneer work concerning Cuba.
I want you to hit the ground running, but it's a cultivation ahead of time through prayer.
Hitting the ground running is cultivation, just like what you're reading in this book.
" And that's why He's saying, "I'm telling you ahead of time to cultivate before you get there, to deal with this before you go there.
" And this is for a lot of things.
I see Minnesota going downtown.
It's a cultivation.
Cultivation and prayer before you go there.
You don't go there without having prayer first.
The prayer brings forth the foundation and the soil, just like what He's talking about, to water it, to cultivate it, to get it ready so the hearts are ready to receive what God has for them.
But they have to have it cultivated through prayer.
I see Argentina.
And He said, "If you want to be effective in your ministry, in your outreach, you have to cultivate it more in prayer.
For I see this yoke.
" There's bondage on the people, and they have to have ears to hear what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
And it comes through cultivation and prayer.
The hearts of the people must be pliable.
It's not Colombia, son.
I'm talking about Argentina.
It's all down there to the south.
There are cultic things coming down here.
It looks like a yellow fog in the path, in the circle of where the meeting is.
There is a clear spot.
That's where the glory is at.
But God doesn't want just the clear spot.
He wants the whole thing.
It's cultivation.
And this is concerning North Korea.
This is current.
There's much cultivation in this to pray it through for greater fruit.
If you want greater fruit, it takes more prayer.
When you want your efforts to have greater victory, it will come through prayer and prayer alone, just like what he's talking about with Finney, that man, and Father Nash.
You're not chasing it; you're already there.
You're not praying behind it; you're ahead of it.
And that's what I'm seeing.
It's like when the body of Christ tries to chase it, but the Lord wants you to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
And the only way you do it is by prayer.
It takes prayer.
You don't rely on the anointing alone.
It's like going in there saying, "Well, I'm anointed, I can do this.
I have the anointing, I can do this.
The signs and wonders follow them that believe.
" But it's cultivation of prayer first, and then the anointing flows.
If you pair them up together, it will be better.
That's why I was talking to Billy.
We're talking about cultivation for healing services.
It's birthed out of prayer.
That's what the Lord is showing me right now.
I'm seeing the Spirit.
It's birthed out of prayer.
And the manifestations come out of relationship and prayer.
The anointing will take you so far.
The mantle of the glory of what God has put on you will take you so far.
But if you cultivate it in the atmosphere first, it will change things.
It will be more effective.
That's the word: to be more effective.
Cultivate.
I see right now, I see stadiums.
Listen to this.
I see stadiums full of people that are glory domes.
I see Cowboys Stadium.
I see Minnesota Vikings Stadium.
I see glory domes full of people.
Crusades are coming back like Billy Graham.
Massive stadiums are going to be filled with salvations once again across America.
I see again, like it was at Charlie Kirk's funeral at the Arizona Cardinals Stadium, full of believers again, with crusades full of salvation.
There is coming a wave of the glory for souls.
So much so that the stadiums will not have enough capacity to hold it all; they'll have to be overflow.
He said, "I want you to start thinking bigger, Church.
It's not just about your 3,000-seat auditorium.
You think you're too small.
" If you drive down the road and you see an OU game, and there's no way to get down I-35 in Oklahoma because OU has a stadium of about 80,000 people, it takes traffic and backs it up for a football game.
This is just 80,000.
But there are 8 billion people, and there are billions of souls that do not know Jesus.
In this last harvest, we must believe bigger.
What does that look like?
Reinhard Bonnke used to have crusades in Nigeria and around there, and the fields were full of over 1.
5 million plus, and everybody would be saved.
And that's what the Lord said, "Think bigger.
" But it will only come through a cultivation of prayer.
You cannot rely on just the anointing of that individual, like a Billy Graham, to say, "Well, we're just going to have a meeting.
" It's all hands on deck.
You don't have to like them; just do your part.
Walk in love.
Do your part, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
He's bringing everybody; it's all hands.
This is going to be the largest harvest.
You have to think bigger.
"Well, our church only holds 400 or 500.
" No, think bigger.
It's a 10,000-seat auditorium.
Think bigger.
The Mabee Center.
Dallas Cowboys Stadium, I think it holds over 100,000 people.
Think bigger.
We're going to have to stretch to believe for more.
Texas Motor Speedway holds like 300,000.
Play that, son.
Play that.
Give them a vision of bigger.
You have to cultivate it.
Stretch yourself to believe for more.
Don't play the sound, just the video.
We're calling in the vast amount of souls, all for the glory of God.
We will have America saved for Jesus.
We will have Africa saved for Jesus.
We will have Asia saved for Jesus.
We will have Canada saved for Jesus.
Europe will have an experience and have a glorious outpouring, all for the glory of God.
We're calling in the souls right now in the name of Jesus, for signs and wonders to flow.
We're calling for signs and wonders all throughout Oklahoma, all throughout Texas, all throughout Missouri.
Oh my God.
The multiplication.
Rain on us.
We send the harvesters into the field in the name of Jesus.
God, we call the harvesters to come forth in the name of Jesus.
All across Asia, Africa, South America, and America, we call them in.
We call them over Europe, the Middle East, and Pakistan.
And then, Father, that the church would be ready to receive them once it's over.
That the glory would rest in Your house.
The glory, Lord, that You shake the pastors and stir them up.
You stir up the evangelists and the prophetic voices.
You stir them up in Jesus' name.
We call a stirring.
We pray over the souls that come in, in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that their eyes are enlightened.
They see.
We call their eyes to be enlightened.
Now, Satan, get your hands off the unbelievers.
Get them off.
We're calling it in all over Argentina right now.
As we go into this Resurrection Sunday, we're calling in the lost.
Father, we call their hearts in the name of Jesus, that they would come back to church for Resurrection Sunday for the first time in a long time.
And when they come, let them have an experience with You.
Dip them in the fire of the Holy Ghost.
It is so important.
We're calling in those churches.
It's go time.
We're calling them in over this weekend: Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
We're calling them in, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic attack or ploy against our churches.
We take authority over terrorist attacks.
We take authority over mass shootings.
We take authority over bomb plots.
We take authority over every kind of plot against our churches in the name of Jesus.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering against us in the name of Jesus.
We call in protection from angelic aid and assistance around our churches, our parks, and places of gathering.
We call them protected.
Every plot and plan that you have to try to take the land, you are foiled in Jesus' name.
You will not have fruit.
In the name of Jesus, we call in the harvest.
From the north, the south, the east, and the west, we call the people in, in Jesus' name.
Holy Spirit, we ask You right now, work on their hearts even as we get ready for the weekend.
Bring them in.
We call record numbers to come to church this Easter.
I hear the rain.
Cultivation.
Do it again, Lord.
We call them in.
Raise up the new Reinhard Bonnkes.
Raise up the men and women that are supposed to do it.
We call them to shake it off of them.
It's so important.
I see it.
From cold to hot.
To stir up the people, to bring them out of the cold and into the hot.
It's interesting.
Now I'm looking at Washington.
I'm in Washington for the massive prayer gathering.
A new birthing will take place that day at the prayer gathering.
We're calling them in.
Shake them, Lord.
Wake them and shake them.
I wonder what a dragonfly means.
I see a dragonfly.
We call them in.
It's the prayer at the prayer vigil.
If My people who are called by My name will humble themselves and pray concerning America, you can turn this through prayer.
He says He's talking about midterms.
He said, 'If My people who are called by My name will humble themselves, I have more plans for America.
The path will be averted for a window in this season.
' I see a splitting.
If My people who are called by My name will humble themselves and pray, I see an averting over the White House.
Concerning the midterms, concerning how this year will end, going into 2026 and 2027.
The Lord said it doesn't have to be that way.
I see a trail that goes one way, and I see another.
One way is hard; this way is easy.
A much easier path, but it's your choice.
The Lord says it's your choice.
I see a great storm.
And I see a path that is sunny on the side with beautiful things.
This is much easier, but it's your choice.
Stiff-necked or pliable.
Pray.
My path is this way.
It's mercy, grace, abundance, favor, and blessing.
But the other path is correction to deal with stiff-necked people.
Humble yourself, pray, and turn from your wicked ways.
Then you will hear from Me.
And He said, 'I will heal your land.
I'll do it, but you must do your part so that I will do Mine.
' Humble yourself concerning this, and there will be a turn concerning the midterms.
But right now as it is, it's not what you want.
I see it, and it will lead to the outcome of a splitting of the nation, a civil war.
Turn this through prayer.
You have time.
You say it's too far gone.
No, nothing is too far gone.
All things are possible to him who believes.
The Lord said, 'I can turn it on a dime.
' If you just humble yourself.
There is too much stiff-necked pride.
He's talking about the pride.
They're sticking their noses up to Him.
It's a stench before Him.
'I have blessed you.
I have favored you above the other nations.
' The pride is a stench.
Humble yourself.
And I see it's His people.
I see the people in Washington, D.
C.
, praying.
The greater the turning, the greater the outcome.
Pray for protection over the gathering.
There should be a cultivation in your churches.
Pray in your churches for America.
Pastors, call for prayer with your congregation.
Not patty-cake prayer; I'm talking Holy Ghost fire prayer.
And I see it turning.
It's like when we turn the corner for July and August, this timeframe.
You're either going to go one way or the other.
You have time.
We have April, May, June, and July.
We can turn this thing through prayer.
But once we turn that corner through August, the decisions will start to be made.
You will start to see it set in stone.
Keep praying for the midterms, concerning your governors, your mayors, and the people in the Senate and House.
It is that important.
He said this election is more important than even the last election because it has to do with individual states.
Not just about the leader of the nation, but how the states of America will go concerning abortion laws, how you vote for your people, and the legislation over the states.
This is so important because it's the outcome of the next four years.
I see cultivation for certain governors' races.
Do you understand how important this is?
This concerns the plague that I've seen.
I'm seeing a turning.
You can turn this, but it takes humility.
When you stick your nose up to the Father, humble yourself, bow your knee before a holy God, He will heal your land.
The Lord said, 'I'll even do this for Australia.
' That's what He just said.
'And I'll stop legislation from passing in Canada.
' You say it's passed in the House; I can stop it in the Senate.
Cultivate this concerning the persecution of the people in Canada and Europe.
I see it.
He says, 'I can stop it, Brandon.
All I need is to flip it by just a little, to work on the hearts of the legislators, the people making the laws, the senators.
' This is how important this is.
It's on a thin line.
Do you hear me?
I see this in the Spirit.
It's on a thin line.
You can pass it by a margin or stop it by just a little, but it's going to take prayer to push against this.
I look at it as we have work to do.
We have the victory.
It's so important that you recognize even Oklahoma.
He said it's just on a thin line.
If the people don't wake up, it will come down to a thin line concerning your next governor.
Father, we thank You for Mike Lindell.
Give him strength; he'll win, too.
I thank You, Father, that You keep his veins strong, his heart strong.
You keep his blood pressure good.
I thank You, Father, that he has the funding and the backing to keep going, that he will win the race in the name of Jesus, that Mike Lindell will win this by a landslide.
I thank You, Lord, that he would win the Republican nomination.
Is he still trying to get the Republican nomination, son?
Are we still praying at that phase, or does he have the Republican nomination for Minnesota?
Ask them in the chat.
They hear me.
So, we pray for him to win it.
He's in it to win it.
Father, I pray for great governors to be in the right states, from Oklahoma to Texas to Florida, and all over.
I see the African-American man with the beard concerning Florida.
You hear me?
I see the African-American man with a heavier face and a beard.
Byron Donalds.
I see him.
Is he running for governor?
I see him being a governor over Florida.
I see the African-American man being a governor over Florida right now.
I see this.
The African man with the beard, pray for him.
Is he running for governor?
Yes, officially running for governor of Florida in the 2026 election.
He announced his candidacy to succeed.
He's going to win it.
I just saw that African-American man win Florida.
You hear me?
You need to pray for that man.
I just saw it in the spirit right now.
I'm not looking over; I'm looking at his face, and I see him being a winner over Florida.
Pray for him.
I see that man right there winning in Florida.
God has great plans for him, and he's going to rise up as a great leader across the land.
You hear me?
God's put an anointing on him.
There's an anointing on him to lead, this man right here.
You need to pray for that man.
He needs covering.
If you live in Florida, you pray for him.
I'm telling you, I see there's a hedge around about him.
God has a plan for this man to do something.
I see it in the spirit right now.
I see that.
That's a very clear vision.
You need to hear me.
That man, you need to pray for him.
God wants to use that man.
So, Father, we just lift him up before you.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
You've gone to gird him.
What'd you say?
Byron Donalds.
We call him blessed.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Byron is anointed and appointed for such a time as this.
That you raise this man up.
That he will have a backbone like a crowbar and stand for the state of Florida.
That it will not flip blue.
We call it red in the name of Jesus, that it will stay strong.
I pray over this, Byron.
And I thank you, Lord, that you've anointed him for such a time as this.
I see the glory on him.
I'm telling you, the Lord's going to do something.
I don't know if he's saved.
I don't know anything about this man, but I'm telling you, I see this man with the chubby cheeks.
God's going to do something with the man, and there's a glory around him.
He'll have all the funding that he needs.
You'll keep him out of harm's way.
You'll keep his nose clean.
I thank you, Lord, that he won't have any kind of stuff thrown up in his face, that he'll be strong in this race.
I call him strong in this race in the name of Jesus.
We call over Byron strong in the race, favored in Jesus' name to do what God's called him to do.
Nothing missing, nothing broken in the name of Jesus.
We pray over Byron.
Thank you, Byron.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Byron is blessed.
Byron will have favor.
Is he Baptist, Methodist, Catholic?
What is he?
He's Christian.
We thank you, Lord.
Christian Byron is blessed in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord.
Yep, I see it.
Diana, this man, when did he announce his candidacy?
That's a blessing.
I'm excited about it.
That's a good one.
Well, I'd like somebody like him in Oklahoma.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We have great leaders rising up to run for governor, to run for Senate, to run for House.
We call forth people that have character.
I see it.
We pray blessing over this man and his family.
His wife, his kids, we bless him in Jesus' name, that Florida will stand for godly things and will not turn blue.
I see Miami being a problem.
Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
It's because of the people that are going there that are blue.
I see Orlando.
Pray for Orlando, Tampa.
We pray for these major cities.
Corruption in these major cities with the cultivation of the blue moving there.
If you're going to flee your state, and you ruined your state by voting blue, don't go to a red state and vote the way you did back there that screwed your state up.
Use some common sense and let the elevator go to the top.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
The same for Texas.
Is Abbott done?
Is Governor Abbott in Texas?
We pray over Texas.
We pray over Oklahoma.
We pray, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that Gavin Newsom is done.
Newsom is done.
Abbott is serving a term, setting the stage for him.
Okay, well, that'll be good.
Abbott's good.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord.
You keep cultivating this, and that Newsom is done.
Yeah.
Mike Lindell hasn't gotten the Republican nomination.
Okay, so we pray for Mike Lindell to win it.
When do they vote?
We'll have to know when they vote.
We're going to pray for him a lot.
We pray over Mike Lindell, Father, that he will win in Jesus' name.
It's rice-paper thin.
That's probably why the Lord's had me praying for him so much.
There's something about praying for him.
We must pray.
August the 11th.
That's a long time from now.
He's showing you we must pray.
That's a mandate to pray for Mike Lindell.
Praying for him and praying for Governor Newsom to be done.
We don't assume he's safe.
We never assume.
Never.
We must pray.
If He showed you, we must pray.
He keeps coming up before me to pray for his health, his finances, and pray for him, especially concerning his blood flow and his arteries.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for our nation.
We thank you, Lord, that these races will be a slam dunk.
It's going to be awesome.
Father, we're expecting a red wave through California.
I call a red wave over California.
I thank you, Lord, that they're done.
They are fed up with the way their government has been raising the gas taxes and all these things.
They're going to say enough is enough.
The people will rise up and say enough is enough.
Even the most liberal Democrat will go, 'Enough is enough.
We're done.
' And they will vote these people out in California, and there will be a great red wave.
We thank you, Lord.
We're calling it done all throughout Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, and Colorado.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Enough is enough.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
We praise you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the storm tonight.
Father, we call in rain.
We hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
We're calling in the rain in Jesus' name.
We call for five inches all the way from North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, to Louisiana.
Father, we break the drought in Jesus' name.
Father, we call forth five inches for a good toad-strangling rain in the name of Jesus across the land to fill up our rivers, to fill up our streams, to fill up our ponds, to fill up our lakes.
We call them full, and the drought is over.
We break the drought in Jesus' name.
This week, we're going to see a significant turn in the drought.
No more fires.
No more fires in Jesus' name.
This will be a time of great rain.
We call the rain in in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father.
We call it forth in Jesus' name: the former rain and the latter rain.
And everybody say amen and amen concerning that.
You believe it?
I know I've kept you a long time tonight, but we're so grateful that you would pray with us for the last two hours and 30 minutes.
We're so thankful for every single one of you that has been here.
Braden has a couple of things he wants to show you, maybe tonight or tomorrow.
Yeah, I was going to tell you that.
He said he wants to put them back to the Stone Age.
Okay.
Listen to this right here.
Braden found this for you.
Remember the prophetic word about the Stone Age?
I said Iran's going to be put back; we're going to break them back to the Stone Age.
I said America will say this.
Remember this.
I gave the prophetic word.
Now go back, see what President Trump just said.
He had a speech.
'We are going to hit them extremely hard over the next two to three weeks.
We're going to bring them back to the Stone Age.
' That's what the Lord said.
Not that we're sad for the Iranian people, but the Lord said they will not be a threat anymore.
This is why they're going to need help for Ezekiel 38 and 39.
You know, we're so close to seeing Ezekiel 38 and 39.
Isn't that amazing?
With Russia and the hook in the jaw and all the things that are about to happen, we're in the last of the last days.
If you're not excited, your wood is wet.
I get so excited thinking about what God is doing.
Are you going to show them?
I think I have it.
Is that my X account?
Follow me on X, Instagram, Facebook, and all those things.
Yeah, it's always in the description.
That's the only place you can find us because there are a lot of impersonators.
If you just search Facebook and Instagram, you'll find people that aren't us.
Yeah, this is it, right?
Play it back.
On June 1st, the Lord gave that word.
All kinds of deterrents trying to stop this missile.
It was a very powerful one.
When Israel does this, I saw that they set Iran back financially, with nuclear capabilities, everything.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say they put them back in the Stone Age.
He used the exact word, Stone Age.
'We're going to put them back into the Stone Age.
' Yep.
That's what the Lord said.
It's pretty cool to hear him say the same things the Lord said He was going to do.
The Lord said, 'I'm bringing liberation to the people of Iran, and a great revival will come across the land.
' Braden yourself.
'We're going to hit them extremely hard over the next two to three weeks.
We're going to bring them back to the Stone Age.
' Thank you, Lord, that you are protecting Donald Trump, his family, and his children.
Back to the Stone Age.
Isn't that amazing?
That's right.
But there will be a liberation coming for the people.
And there will be 'drill, baby, drill.
' I saw 'drill, baby, drill.
' Pipelines opening up.
He'll say it all in the Gulf.
You're going to see oil rigs opening up.
You're going to see oil flow like syrup.
I saw it.
That's pretty amazing, isn't it, son?
When the Lord gives a word like that and then you see it in the news: 'We're going to bring them back to the Stone Age.
' I think our president is funny.
We pray for him to be strong.
Oh, earthquake.
Indonesia, 7.
4.
I'm still looking for Rome.
An 8.
2.
Rome will have an 8.
2 right outside the Vatican in the days ahead.
We're not too far away.
I just feel it.
It'll be an 8.
2.
He said, 'I'm going to shake Rome.
' This will be a sign: a shaking in the soil, a shaking in the heavens.
Show that part a little bit.
That's kind of interesting, the rocket going up today.
I told you, the Lord said on April 1st, and we prayed about it, I said, 'They're going to have a new base on the moon.
They're going to do all these things.
They're going to talk about all this.
' And I said, 'People are going to be freaking out over it.
' It's interesting when you see it in the spirit, and then all of a sudden, they launch this rocket today.
It was going at 18,000 miles per hour, and it was massive.
Here we go.
10, 9, 8.
RS-25 engines.
Boom.
3, 2, 1, booster ignition and liftoff.
The crew of Artemis 2 is now bound for the moon.
Humanity's next great voyage begins.
It's pretty awesome looking.
Roll.
Roger.
Roll pitch.
Houston now controlling the flight of integrity on the Artemis.
It happened on the day the Lord said the birthing pains will now double if you go back.
He said, 'Brandon, it will happen on the first.
' And here he said you'll see the signs in the heavens.
Things will start to be seen.
I hear the thunder.
Thank you, Lord.
Bring the rain.
No tornadoes and no hail.
Isn't that amazing to see that?
As they showed it from the top, I said, 'Look at that.
' Traveling more than 1,200 miles per hour.
Oh, yeah.
It increased and then went to 18,000 that fast.
We were praying for him.
I wonder how far you could see that.
We have the same.
So, isn't Jesus so cool?
He gives us wisdom.
The Bible says in the last days, knowledge will increase.
And it sure is increasing, isn't it?
Look at that thing, man.
It looks like the sky is on fire.
It's all right.
We're going to end, babe.
Well, we love y'all.
I hope this blessed y'all.
I know it was a little long, and we'll be back at it again.
We have lots to pray about.
Tomorrow is almost Good Friday.
We're almost there.
So, isn't that wonderful?
Well, we love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.